Update warning on EKS Local Clusters in AWS Outposts AMI Compatibility (#1127)
awsdocs/amazon-eks-user-guide: latest/ug/outposts/eks-outposts-troubleshooting.adoc

* AMI issues:
+

> ** You may be using an incompatible AMI. Only Amazon EKS optimized Amazon Linux 2 AMIs are currently supported (`amazon-linux-2`,`amazon-linux-2-gpu`, `amazon-linux-2-arm64`), attempting to join `AL2023`-based AMIs to EKS LocalClusters on {aws} Outposts will fail until the compatibility is added in a future release. See <<eks-outposts-self-managed-nodes,Create Amazon Linux nodes on {aws} Outposts>>)

Reviewer: "may" isn't necessary here, its a list of things that may/might be. Otherside, we avoid "may" and use "might" b/c it has fewer (but still some) conflicting definitions that affect translations.

```suggestion
** You're using an incompatible AMI. Only Amazon EKS optimized Amazon Linux 2 AMIs are supported (`amazon-linux-2`,`amazon-linux-2-gpu`, `amazon-linux-2-arm64`). If you attempt to join AL2023 nodes to EKS LocalClusters on {aws} Outposts, the nodes fail to join the cluster. For more information, see <<eks-outposts-self-managed-nodes,Create Amazon Linux nodes on {aws} Outposts>>.
```
